APPROACH.md, before:

# APPROACH

## Session 01

Minutes: 120

DONE
- Set up project
- Added input, bindings, and functions for movement and look

---

## Session 02

Minutes: 30

DONE
- Added a camera on a spring arm to MyPlayerCharacter
- Changed the animation mode to use an animation sequence asset

---

## Session 03

Minutes: 70 

DONE
- Created a blend space, added idle/walk/jog
- Used inverse transform vector to check local movement and pass it as an angle to the blend space

---

## Session 04

Minutes: 65

DONE
- Calculated walk speeds and changed axis scales on blend space
- Added a gun C++ class and a rifle blueprint inheriting from it
- Added root and mesh uproperties
- Added a gun class uproperty on player character blueprint
- Set gun class on player character blueprint
- Tell world to spawn gun actor
- Hid weapon on the mesh via c++
- Added a socket on the hidden bone
- Attached the spawned gun to the socket
- Set the gun's parent to the player character

---

## Session 05

Minutes: 30

DONE
- Declared a PullTrigger function on gun
- Defined it with a log message for now
- Shoot function on player character that calls gun's pulltrigger
- Added a muzzleflash uproperty
- Muzzleflash particle emitter set in rifle blueprint
- Muzzle flash spawned in pulltrigger

---

## Session 06

Minutes: 35

DONE
- Initialised git repo. Added asste packs to gitignore because will be stripping them out
- Pushed initial commit to github
- Drawing a debug helper at camera view when trigger is pulled
- Added bullet collision trace channel, adjusted presets

---

## Session 07

Minutes: 25 

DONE
- Used a linetracesingle by channel to detect a hit, display a debug marker if true

---

## Session 08

Minutes: 35

DONE
- Impact particle effect emitted at point hit

---

## Session 09

Minutes: 18

DONE
- Override the take damage method
- Log remaining health to console

---

## Session 10

Minutes: 35

DONE
- Blending animation poses by bool IsDead
- Declared and defined IsDead in c++, returns health less or equal to 0
- In blueprints, pawn is cast as a MyPlayerCharacter, gets it's IsDead, sets the BP IsDead for the animGraph to use
- Created a MyShooterAIController based on AIController
- Created a Blueprint based on MyShooterAIController
- Set the BP as the default on the BP_MyPlayerCharacter

---

## Sessio 11

Minutes: 30

DONE
- On ai controller, SetFocus is used in BeginPlay to tell the bots who to aim at
- Created a navmeshboundsvolume
- Expanded the volume to cover the map
- On ai controller, added MoveToActor to Tick

Commit message:

AI behaviortree for moving and waiting

APPROACH.md, after:

# APPROACH

## Session 01

Minutes: 120

DONE
- Set up project
- Added input, bindings, and functions for movement and look

---

## Session 02

Minutes: 30

DONE
- Added a camera on a spring arm to MyPlayerCharacter
- Changed the animation mode to use an animation sequence asset

---

## Session 03

Minutes: 70 

DONE
- Created a blend space, added idle/walk/jog
- Used inverse transform vector to check local movement and pass it as an angle to the blend space

---

## Session 04

Minutes: 65

DONE
- Calculated walk speeds and changed axis scales on blend space
- Added a gun C++ class and a rifle blueprint inheriting from it
- Added root and mesh uproperties
- Added a gun class uproperty on player character blueprint
- Set gun class on player character blueprint
- Tell world to spawn gun actor
- Hid weapon on the mesh via c++
- Added a socket on the hidden bone
- Attached the spawned gun to the socket
- Set the gun's parent to the player character

---

## Session 05

Minutes: 30

DONE
- Declared a PullTrigger function on gun
- Defined it with a log message for now
- Shoot function on player character that calls gun's pulltrigger
- Added a muzzleflash uproperty
- Muzzleflash particle emitter set in rifle blueprint
- Muzzle flash spawned in pulltrigger

---

## Session 06

Minutes: 35

DONE
- Initialised git repo. Added asste packs to gitignore because will be stripping them out
- Pushed initial commit to github
- Drawing a debug helper at camera view when trigger is pulled
- Added bullet collision trace channel, adjusted presets

---

## Session 07

Minutes: 25 

DONE
- Used a linetracesingle by channel to detect a hit, display a debug marker if true

---

## Session 08

Minutes: 35

DONE
- Impact particle effect emitted at point hit

---

## Session 09

Minutes: 18

DONE
- Override the take damage method
- Log remaining health to console

---

## Session 10

Minutes: 35

DONE
- Blending animation poses by bool IsDead
- Declared and defined IsDead in c++, returns health less or equal to 0
- In blueprints, pawn is cast as a MyPlayerCharacter, gets it's IsDead, sets the BP IsDead for the animGraph to use
- Created a MyShooterAIController based on AIController
- Created a Blueprint based on MyShooterAIController
- Set the BP as the default on the BP_MyPlayerCharacter

---

## Session 11

Minutes: 30

DONE
- On ai controller, SetFocus is used in BeginPlay to tell the bots who to aim at
- Created a navmeshboundsvolume
- Expanded the volume to cover the map
- On ai controller, added MoveToActor to Tick

---

## Session 12

Minutes: 14.15 - 

DONE
- Conditional for if bot can see player
- Bot stops moving if can't see player
- Created a blackboard and behaviortree
- Running behaviortree instead of conditional
- Added a player location key to blackboard
- Added a move and wait sequence to behaviortree
